#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
axe-selenium-python==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-compress
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
flask==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pytest-flask
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-compress==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-talisman==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-talisman-rdil==0.9.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
funding-service-design-utils @ https://github.com/communitiesuk/funding-service-design-utils/archive/refs/tags/0.0.8.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements.txt
govuk-frontend-jinja==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
json2html==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   wtforms
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via pytest
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   axe-selenium-python
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==2.0.0
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-flask==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==2.0.1
    # via pytest-html
pytest-mock==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-selenium==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-variables==2.0.0
    # via pytest-selenium
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   webdriver-manager
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   requests-mock
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
rich==12.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
selenium==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   axe-selenium-python
    #   pytest-selenium
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-mock
    #   tenacity
    #   unicode-slugify
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via pytest-selenium
tomli==1.2.3
    # via pytest
trio==0.19.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
unicode-slugify==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
unidecode==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   unicode-slugify
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
webdriver-manager==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   pytest-flask
wsproto==1.0.0
    # via trio-websocket
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
